Mr. Zhang
Congratulations!
From now on, you'll be a top figure beside President Li
Thank you for your kind words, Mr. Wang
Is this the legendary Mrs. Zhang?
A perfect match,
Mr. Zhang, you're very lucky
You're too kind, Mr. Wang
Actually, this lady is...
Mr. Wang, isn't it?
I've heard Wen Xu mention you often
I remember
Wasn't Mrs. Zhang once a 200-pound fat woman?
Why is she so skinny now?
Right,
I remember seeing her before
She didn't look like this
Did she have plastic surgery?
Actually
She's definitely not Mrs. Zhang
These legs are longer than my life
Aren't they just beautiful?
Not just beautiful
They're truly a masterpiece
Which family's daughter is this?
I've never heard of her before
Why does this person look so familiar?
Husband